ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/teams/release/onboarding.md

  - #dev-ops
  - #dev-chat
  - #dev-accounce

> - Make sure you are added to the [Delivery](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/teams/release) team in Sourcegraph GitHub org. Reach out to [#delivery-internal] if you're not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you are added to the [Release](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/teams/release) team in Sourcegraph GitHub org. Reach out to [#team-releases] if you're not.
```

Note: the Slack channel is called `#team-releases`, but I see references to `Release` here. I think the plural form is preferred?

Reviewer 2: I've seen `Release` everywhere but the Slack channel naming (Miro chart, RFCs, etc...). Either sounds right to me though 🤷
